Update using-the-assets-builder.md (#605)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/development/using-the-assets-builder.md

3. Add the desired asset files in the  `assets`  folder as shown above. Your asset files are now saved in the **File Manager**. Notice that you can create subfolders within the  `assets`  folder to better organize the assets used by the theme blocks. 

<div class="alert alert-info">
The storage process takes some of the asset particularities into account, such as the app version in which the code input occurred. It means that you can save several images using the same name, as long as these are spread across different versions of the same app. 
</div>

4. Now you're able to use your assets within store theme blocks that uses media, such as an [Image](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.store-components@3.115.3/image/) block, an [Info Card](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.store-components@3.116.0/infocard/), etc. To do that, you must use the desired asset path as the value of a given prop of your block. For example, for an Image block, you'll use `assets/{your-image}.{jpg/png/gif}` as the `src` value:

```JSON
"image": {  
    "props": {  
      "src": "assets/myimage.png"  
    }  
}
```

> Our builder will automatically look for the path `assets/{your-image}.{jpg/png/gif}` of your asset in the **File Manager** to replace its value with its URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Once the asset path was added to the prop and you save the changes performed, Assets Builder will automatically work to save it in the VTEX IO database and then generate a URL for it, which will be considered by the platform during the theme rendering.
```

# Using the Assets Builder

The VTEX Assets Builder is responsible for  **handling assets**  within store theme  `blocks`  by getting all asset paths used and uploading them in the  **File Manager**  service.

As its name implies, the File Manager manages all of your store files and their respective URLs. It is able to translate the asset paths and then export the asset immutable URLs so that all block assets can be properly rendered.

The Assets Builder has two main advantages:

-   You won't need to declare URLs for assets in each blocks, making your code lighter;
-   You can use it whenever you want, having no prerequisites.

Check out the instructions to use it below:

## Step by step 

1.  Add the  `assets-builder`  to your theme's builder list in the  `manifest.json`  file. For example:

```JSON
"builders": {
  "assets": "0.x"
},
```

2.  In the _root_  directory of your app, create an  `assets`  folder to store and manage your store's assets, such as images:

3. Then, add the desired asset files in the  `assets` folder. Notice that you can create subfolders within the  `assets`  folder to better organize the assets used by the theme blocks, as shown below:

> ![assets-folder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60782333/83685560-3e40eb80-a5bf-11ea-9ea1-d443bce21b11.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![assets-folder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60782333/83685560-3e40eb80-a5bf-11ea-9ea1-d443bce21b11.png)

<div class="alert alert-warning">
If you created subfolders inside the Assets folder, remember to include the folder hierarchy in the asset path, such as:  <code>assets/events/vtex-day.jpg</code>.
</div>
```

4. Use the asset path (`assets/{imageFileName}.{jpg/png/gif}`) as the value of a given block's prop for media rendering, such as `src`:

```JSON
"image": {  
    "props": {  
      "src": "assets/myimage.png"  
    }  
}
```

Once the asset path was added to the prop and you save the changes performed, Assets Builder will automatically work to save it in the VTEX IO database and then generate a URL for it, which will be considered by the platform during the theme rendering.
<div class="alert alert-warning">
If you created subfolders inside the `assets` folder, remember to include the folder hierarchy in the asset path, such as:  `assets/events/vtex-day.jpg`.

> </div>

Author: <div class="alert alert-warning">
Remember to include the folder hierarchy in the asset path, such as: <code>assets/events/vtex-day.png</code>.
If you created subfolders inside the `assets` folder, remember to include the folder hierarchy in the asset path, such as:  `assets/events/vtex-day.jpg`.
</div>
Once the asset path was added to the prop and you save the changes performed, Assets Builder will automatically work to save it in the VTEX IO database and then generate a URL for it, which will be considered by the platform during the theme rendering.

-   You can use it whenever you want, having no prerequisites.

Check out the instructions to use it below:

## Step by step 

1.  Add the  `assets-builder`  to your theme's builder list in the  `manifest.json`  file. For example:

```JSON
"builders": {
  "assets": "0.x"
},
```

2.  In the `store`  root directory of your app, create an  `assets` folder to manage your store's assets, such as images.

3. Then, add the desired asset files in the  `assets` folder. Notice that you can create subfolders within the  `assets`  folder to better organize the assets used by the theme blocks, as shown below:

![assets-folder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60782333/83685560-3e40eb80-a5bf-11ea-9ea1-d443bce21b11.png)

<div class="alert alert-warning">
If you created subfolders inside the Assets folder, remember to include the folder hierarchy in the asset path, such as:  <code>assets/events/vtex-day.jpg</code>.
</div>

4. Use the asset path (`assets/{imageFileName}.{jpg/png/gif}`) as the value of a given block's prop for media rendering, such as `src`:

```JSON
"image": {  
    "props": {  
      "src": "assets/myimage.png"  
    }  
}
```

> Once the asset path was added to the prop and you save the changes performed, Assets Builder will automatically work to save it in the VTEX IO database and then generate a URL for it, which will be considered by the platform during the theme rendering.

Author: ```suggestion
Once the asset path was added to the prop and you save the changes performed, Assets Builder will automatically work to save it in the VTEX IO File Manager and then generate a URL for it, which will be considered by the platform during the theme rendering.
```
